Welcome to Debugging UIWebViews
and Websites in iOS Safari.
I'm Tim Hatcher.
I work on the Safari team,
and I hope you're as excited
as I am to be here talking
about developer tools for iOS.
How many of you are
app content developers?
What about web developers?
Just plain old web developers?
Okay, a good mix of both.
So either way,
if you've had to deal with debugging
a website in mobile Safari,
and you've probably been left with a lot
of question marks over your head where
it's not always easy to get information
out of your mobile device when you're
trying to debug your app or Safari.
And the same applies to your app,
not just Safari.
But maybe you might think, okay, well,
it's Safari, right?
I could use the Safari that
comes on my Mac.
And after all,
they're built on the same WebKit engine,
and Safari on Mac has some
great developer tools.
But Safari and iOS Safari are
really not equal in a few key areas.
There's differences in frame behavior.
There's differences in resource limits.
There's differences in the
existence of touch events and
the nonexistence of touch events.
So that can really make debugging
your website difficult in the
desktop version of Safari,
even though there are
a lot of similarities.
But like I said,
there's these great developer tools
that come with Safari that you
might be familiar with when you've
worked on a standalone website and
you've tried to get away with it.
Maybe you're not using any of those
advanced features in Safari for iOS,
so you can.
But when you really are having
trouble with debugging your site,
you really want to use those same
tools and plug in your device and
tether it up and use those same tools.
it up and use the same great
tools that come with Safari.
Same for the simulator.
You want to open up the simulator
and bring up the Web Inspector.
If you've ever used the Web Inspector,
that's what we're going
to be talking about today,
and not just for mobile Safari,
but for your iOS app as well.
And in Safari 6 and iOS 6,
you now have the brand new
Safari Web Inspector at your disposal.
And if you're first,
if this is the first time seeing this,
it might look somewhat familiar
if you've ever used Xcode,
and I'm sure a lot of you
have used Xcode before.
So we've taken a lot of the same cues,
but I want to go over it.
If you're familiar with
the old Web Inspector,
you might notice some similarities,
and there's some new things as well.
So the first question I get asked is,
what are all these icons?
And we're going to go over that,
and we're also going to go
over inspection and tweaking,
and then some performance
analysis and debugging issues.
So let's first go over the Web Inspector.
So like I said,
the first question I get asked is,
what are those icons in the top left?
And that's the navigation sidebar,
and the switching buttons at the
top are your navigation area.
So let's go over the
navigation bar specifically.
The first icon is where
you'll find resource loads.
And this is all of the resources that
your page or your UIWebView bring
in as part of the loading process.
And each of these sidebars
also has a keyboard shortcut.
This one's Control 1
through 8 in this case.
And this is where you'll also find frames
and something we call anonymous scripts.
And that's if you use the eval function,
which you might or might not use.
The next icon over is
the Storage Navigator,
and this is where you'll find cookies,
anything that saves
information on the device.
And then you have your
instrument navigator,
and this is where you'll
find the timelines,
the network loads, the script timeline,
and layout and rendering timelines,
as well as one-off JavaScript profiles
that you can take if you use
console.profile or a new CSS profiler
that lets you see how slow or
fast your CSS selectors are.
And then the next one
over is self-explanatory.
This is a full-text search,
lets you search all of the
resources and the DOM trees.
Next over is the Issue Navigator,
and this is where you'll find
all of the JavaScript exceptions,
any console errors that
your page is emitting,
and any HTML errors that
the WebKit produces for you.
And these are all grouped
together in this one place.
The next navigator over
is the Debug Navigator,
and this really is only useful
when you're paused in the debugger.
And this is where you'll
see the current call stack.
And next to last is the
Breakpoint Navigator,
where you'll see all of the breakpoints
for the resources in your page,
and you'll only see ones for
actually loaded resources and some
special breakpoints for controlling
when exceptions are broken on.
Tim Hatcher
And the final one is the Log Navigator.
And this is where you'll see your
current JavaScript console log,
and if you reload,
you will see previous logs with all
the results from any previous session.
So that's a good way to switch back
to see what an error might have been
in an earlier session of that page.
So those are a quick overview
of the navigation bar and
the navigation sidebar.
Next, the middle area.
This is really the meat and
potatoes of the Web Inspector,
and this is where you find the full
content of what you're looking at.
And this is,
you see this content based on what
you get to in the navigation sidebar.
But you can hide both of these
sidebars and see just the content,
and that leaves you really
a limited way to navigate.
But you have your back forward buttons
and the navigation bar at the top.
And let's go ahead and talk
about that navigation bar.
So you have the buttons that
let you hide the sidebar,
and you have your back-forward buttons,
so you can go back to whatever
you were previously looking
at in the content browser.
And then you have what
we call the content path,
and this is the path from the
navigation sidebar of where you got
to that view to see that resource.
And usually it's one or two levels deep,
but if you're looking at a frame,
you could be multiple frames deep.
And then certain views have
special view selectors,
and in this case,
a frame that I'm looking at has
the ability to switch between the
original source code and the DOM tree.
So you can go back and see what actually
came over the network or see the actual
DOM representation of that frame.
And the final thing,
if you're looking at the DOM tree,
you will have the current selection path.
So these are all the DOM nodes,
the hierarchy up to the root
node of what I have currently
selected in the DOM view.
And like the content view
selector and any of these,
they're all clickable,
so you can jump between siblings.
So you can quickly jump to another
DOM node that's a sibling of the one
you have selected anywhere in this path.
And the final item,
also special to the DOM,
is the DOM node locator.
If you've used the Web Inspector before
and are looking for the magnifying
glass that lets you highlight
a specific element on the page,
it's now this pointer icon,
this finger pointer icon,
that lets you select it,
and it highlights in blue.
And when it's in this mode,
you can go tap anywhere on the
device to select the DOM node.
And I'll go into that
in more detail later.
Tim Hatcher
So that's the navigation bar.
And the content area is in the middle,
and that's pretty self-explanatory.
That's the content that you're
looking at for that resource.
And at the bottom is what
we call the Quick Console.
And this usually starts
out as a small strip,
and as you type and evaluate,
the results show up and
automatically expand.
Tim Hatcher
So it's an auto-expanding
console that you can evaluate,
and when you're on the
current breakpoint,
it's evaluating in the current scope,
and you have access to special
variables when you're on the DOM tree.
So $0 is the current selected DOM node,
so you can evaluate object properties
off of that current selected DOM node.
So it's really fast and efficient if
you're wanting a command line console.
This is it.
And you'll notice on the right-hand side,
you have your debugger controls.
When you're paused in the debugger,
you'll see extra controls pop in.
When you're not paused,
you'll just have a pause button.
And these let you do
your standard step-over,
step-in-to, step-out controls.
So that's the Content Browser
and Quick Console.
And the last sidebar on the
right is the Details sidebar.
And this is a contextual sidebar,
so things come and go in this
sidebar based on the current resource
that's selected from the navigation
sidebar and the current view.
So if you have a DOM node selected,
the DOM node details will
change in this sidebar as well.
So let's talk about some of
the sidebars that you'll see
in this sidebar real quick.
Tim Hatcher
So you have the resource details.
This one you'll pretty much always have.
This is whatever details the current URL,
the full URL of that resource,
and any query parameters,
request and response headers,
things like that.
And like I said,
you'll pretty much always have
this because almost everything is
resource-based in the new Web Inspector.
The next one over is
specific to the DOM view,
and this is details about
the current selected nodes.
So you have your type, your value,
any attributes, DOM properties,
and event listeners are in here.
Usually when you have a DOM node,
it has style information.
Any CSS rules that
match for this DOM node,
HTML attributes,
base rules that are brought in
by WebKit that you can't edit.
The next one over is
the Appearance Details,
and this is where you'll find box
model information about the DOM node,
any position, padding, margin,
that sort of thing.
The next one over is kind of rare,
so we don't even have a
keyboard shortcut for it.
This is when you have an
application cache and you have
it selected in the sidebar.
And you'll see the manifest and the
frame URLs that this cache applies to.
Again, if you're using application cache,
this is probably useful
information for you.
And the offline status of
that application cache.
And the final one only shows up
when you're paused in the debugger,
and this will be where you'll
see all the local variables,
your global variables, things like that.
And this will automatically
come in and select for you
when you pause in the debugger.
So that's the details sidebar and
overall the new Safari Web Inspector.
So now let's talk about what
you can actually do with the
Web Inspector and how you can use
it in your application and Safari.
So let's talk about
inspection and tweaking.
So what do I mean by this?
There's a long process in web development
where you need to modify something,
and usually it's kind of involved.
You have your resource
that you want to edit,
and say you're an app developer
and you're building content
in a UIWebView in your app.
So you're in Xcode
trying to edit this file,
and you think you fixed something
or you want to try out this
change to the appearance.
And you have to then, in Xcode,
command R, build and run, and wait.
[Transcript missing]
So once Xcode's done getting that
onto your device or in the simulator,
you can now start the long process of
getting to the spot in your app that
reproduces this problem or has this
appearance that you want to look at,
and you go around tapping, following this
- You can use the treasure map
to try to find where you need
to get in your application.
And you finally get there,
And you hit a bug.
And now what?
You have to redo this whole process.
And that's never fun.
And usually the second time comes
with a little more hatred and angst.
So how do we solve that
with the new Web Inspector?
So I'm going to jump to a demo now.
So I have the iOS 6 SDK installed as well
as Safari 6 installed in Mountain Lion.
So I'm going to -- first things first,
I need to enable the
developer tools in Safari.
And if you've never done this before,
you need to go to Safari and
go to the Safari preferences.
And in Advanced Preferences,
you can enable the Develop menu,
and that will give you a
new menu item in Safari.
And a lot of you have
probably done this before.
I just want to make sure to
cover the basis for everyone.
So that's enabling it in Safari.
So now I have the iOS Simulator.
I'm going to use the Simulator,
but you can use your device, your iPhone,
your iPad,
as long as it's running iOS 6 and
it's plugged in with a USB cable.
And we're just using the
Simulator for demo purposes here.
But it works just fine if you
don't have a device or you
just prefer the Simulator.
This works just great.
So we need to enable
it in the Settings app,
and we need to enable
it in Safari's Settings.
And that's it.
So we'll go ahead and exit out of here.
And now I'm going to go ahead
and open up Safari on iOS.
And I have a couple tabs open.
And the first one I have is Vimeo,
and the other one I have is Apple.com.
So let's go ahead and switch
back to Safari on the Mac.
And in the Develop menu,
You'll see, when I bring it up,
you see a new section here
for all of your devices,
including the simulator.
If I had an iPhone or iPad,
they would also show up here.
And the menu shows all of the running
apps and all of the WebViews in that app,
and I'm going to zoom out here.
You'll notice as I mouse
over the menu item,
it highlights which WebView it is.
So if you have multiple
WebViews in your app,
this is a good way to
find which one it is.
And in Safari's case,
it's pretty self-explanatory.
But you're probably
wondering where Apple.com is.
It's supposed to be loaded, right?
Well,
Safari on iOS optimizes background tabs,
and they're really not debuggable
and sometimes not even loaded.
So keep that in mind.
If you want to debug a website,
it needs to be the frontmost app,
and it needs to be usually on
screen in Safari to be usable.
at all.
So I'm going to go ahead and open
up the Web Inspector for Vimeo
and just pick the menu item,
and it brings up a window in
Safari connected to the iPhone simulator,
the Safari app, and Vimeo.com.
And you'll see the resource list
over here on the side for all of
the resources that Vimeo brought in.
And some of them are
on Vimeo's CDN server.
Some of them are on other servers.
And you'll notice it's
kind of a lightweight site,
and that's a really good
thing for a mobile site.
But Vimeo has actually got
pretty heavy in its content
where there's all these images.
And you'll notice as I scroll down,
Vimeo is automatically loading
in more images as I scroll down.
And once I reach a certain threshold,
the Web Inspector will smartly start
organizing all of these resources.
So now they're in folders.
based on the type of
resource that was loaded.
And this can be a little cumbersome
if you have a really large site with
a lot of subframes and things like
that and you really only care about
all the CSS files or all the JPEGs.
And that's what the filter
bar down here is for.
I'll go ahead and type
in a simple glob query.
So this filters out and shows me
all the JPEGs that were loaded.
And you can do the same for CSS or
anything that came from Google.
We'll immediately show
you those resources.
And that's a quick way to focus
and find what you're actually
looking for in the Web Inspector.
And that applies to
all of the navigators.
They're all filterable in this way.
So I'll go ahead and clear that out.
So I want to tweak some of
the spacing on this site.
I think it's a little tight,
and I want to expand it
and play around with it.
So you'll notice as I hover
over the DOM nodes here,
I have the highlights,
just like you would expect if you've
ever used the Web Inspector before.
And you'll start to be able
to dig in without really
even knowing the structure.
I now know that all of the
videos are in this sub-element.
And if I select one,
I can go ahead and bring up the style
information in the detail sidebar.
But say I want to find
it a different way.
Say I don't really want to dig
in and hunt and peck for it.
I can use the node selector.
This button right here, we'll turn it on,
it'll turn blue,
and now I'll go back to the device and
I'll just tap on what I want to select.
So I want to take a look at this byline.
So that takes me right to that
H3 element in this WebView.
And I can now take a look
at that style information,
even look at the metrics where I can
see individual boxes as I hover
over to see what specific one I is.
So this is the margin.
And I could take and double-click
this value and change it
to be whatever I want.
And now I've updated the margin top.
But you'll notice that only
applied to this one element.
It's not applying to everything because
it's only specific to that element.
It's actually setting a style
rule down here in the DOM.
So we'll just go ahead and revert that.
And I really want to edit
the actual style rules.
So in the style details,
I'll go and find the margin.
Whoa.
So here's the same margin rule,
and this applies to all
of the video H3 elements,
but I noticed that they
have line height as well.
So I'm going to actually edit
the line height and zoom out
here so you can see the changes.
And if I hit the arrow keys,
you'll notice all of them are updating.
It's incrementing and decrementing
as I hit the arrow keys.
And I have fine-grained control
if I hold down the option key.
So this is a good way to tweak and test.
Where I would have had to rebuild and
test each of these individual changes.
Now I can just do it all at once and take
these changes back to my original code.
So I like this spacing,
so I'm just going to go ahead
and hit enter and commit it.
And that's using the
Web Inspector in Safari,
but it works just as well
with your application.
So I have an application.
It's a chat client called Colloquy.
And if anyone knows me,
I originally developed
Colloquy for the Mac ages ago.
And some of my friends
have developed it for iOS,
taking the same open source
code and porting it over to iOS.
And I remember when they did this,
their frustration of using
UIWebView and making sure it worked and
debugging any problems they ran into,
because they used
UIWebView for the chat view.
And I'll just go ahead and open it up,
and it's going to take a
second to join a network.
And while that's loading up,
it's going to be
bringing in this WebView,
and I have a WebView here.
It's currently empty.
This is where all the chat will show up.
And I'm just going to go
ahead and say something here.
So now we have some chat information.
But I have no way to know what this is,
what the DOM looks like in this view,
because it's all dynamic.
I can look at the original HTML,
but it's just going to be blank
because nothing was there.
So as a developer, I want to know how to
style this information.
So I'm going to go switch
back to Safari now.
As I have Coloquy open and up,
I'll go back to the iPhone simulator.
And now I have a new app running.
And Coloquy is the only item here.
And I'm going to go ahead
and select this web view.
So now I can see, for the first time,
the actual DOM tree in my UIWebView,
and I can dig in and see all
these individual elements
just like I would in Safari.
And same for all the style rules,
all the colors.
And I can tweak any of these.
Double click, tweak some of the color
using the arrow keys.
[Transcript missing]
So in summary, you can finally get
View Source in Safari for iOS.
This is something that you've
been asking for and more.
You now have the whole
Web Inspector available to you,
not just View Source.
And you can tweak without the
endless rebuild cycle that you
might have been used to before.
Please.
And hover DOM nodes and highlight
their CSS boxes on screen.
And in general,
anything that you can see in
the DOM or style is editable,
so you can double-click and tweak it.
So that's inspection and tweaking.
Now let's talk about
performance analysis.
And in the mobile space,
performance is critical.
Where you have your app,
it might be loading on a
Wi-Fi network one minute and
a cellular network the next.
And you might have noticed
the speed on my device,
my simulator, was reduced.
I was simulating a 3G connection.
And with the Web Inspector,
you can tether and turn off your
Wi-Fi network on your device and take
advantage of the actual 3G network to
see how slow it actually is going to
load all of your resources for your page.
And you might think, okay,
I have just this single HTML file.
It's not that big,
and I have a script that it pulls down,
and I have just a handful
of images like Vimeo,
and that's a really lightweight site,
and if you can really achieve
something like this in size,
you're definitely winning.
But often, things get out of hand,
scope changes, you had all these images,
and you're pulling
down tons of resources.
And there's things you can do.
You can try to group them all together,
make one big file, that helps.
But then you just end up with...
[Transcript missing]
And if you can reduce
those library dependencies,
you're really going to speed up
the load time of your website.
And if you're interested
in this information,
you should definitely attend the session
that's immediately following this,
which is all about updating your
site and your app for better
performance on an iOS device.
But don't get me wrong,
images can be a big culprit here too,
and if you attend the next session,
you'll see why.
But let's see how the Web Inspector can
help us pinpoint some of these problems.
So let's go back to Safari for iOS,
and we're on Vimeo again.
And let's bring up the Web Inspector.
And we're mostly going to talk about
the instruments in this section,
because this is where you
can find all the fine-grained
information about the page load.
And the resource sidebar will
give you some information,
but to get the actual
picture of the network load,
you really need to capture
that while it's loading.
And you'll notice this
is blank at this point,
because the Web Inspector is
optimized to not record any of this
information when it's not open.
So you'll need to reload the page
with the Inspector open to capture
this load information and all the
other timelines that we captured now.
And without even touching the device,
I'm just going to go ahead and hit
Command-Shift-R in the Web Inspector.
And this is going to reload the page
on my device without even touching it.
[Transcript missing]
And right now it's
sorted by the timeline,
and I'm going to go ahead and
press this button over here,
which will expand the timeline
completely and just give me the
name and the timeline graph.
And if you've ever used
the Web Inspector before,
this graph is pretty familiar.
If you haven't,
there's two different bars.
There's the light shade
and the dark shade.
The light shade is how long it took for
WebKit to want that resource before the
server responded with the first byte.
And it's 1.5 seconds later.
And remember,
I'm simulating a 3G network here,
so that's pretty realistic
on a mobile device.
And the latency drastically dwarfs
the actual load time because cellular
networks are pretty high latency,
even though they might have a lot
of bandwidth to download the data.
data.
And we can collapse this out and
go find the highest latency thing.
And you'll see it took 3.2
seconds to load this non-Vimeo
resource to load this website.
And remember what I was saying
about scripts are usually the
largest resource on the page?
So let's go ahead and
sort by transferred.
And sure enough,
some script from some server is
the largest resource on this page,
slowing down this page load of vimeo.com.
And we have two different size columns,
size and transferred.
If your server is
employing GZIP encoding,
the transferred size should
be smaller when it's actually
efficiently compressing that resource.
So that's one thing to look out for.
If both columns are
pretty much the same size,
you're not fully optimizing the
download speed of that content.
So that's just a brief look at
the timeline view in the new
Web Inspector in the network view.
But you'll notice we have three
different timelines here at the top.
We have
The Layout and Rendering Timeline
and JavaScript and Events.
And this is where you'll see all
of the JavaScript load events and
any other events that are firing.
Touch events will show up here.
This is easily the best way to
find when an event is happening
or a timer is firing and let you
jump right to that source code.
So that's a brief look at all
of the different timelines.
And if you want to, again,
if you want to know more
about optimizing your content,
definitely stay for the next
section where they'll talk about
what optimizations you can take
and put in place for your website.
So in summary,
always test the cell network.
If you're always testing
the Wi-Fi network,
you're not getting the full picture of
what your users might experience if they
are only living on the cell network.
And minimize the number of
resources and the number of large
resources that you are bringing in
in your page as much as possible.
Get rid of those JavaScript libraries
if you're really only using the
bare minimum of them anyway.
Things like that.
And minify,
if you have to have JavaScript,
which it's a necessary evil sometimes,
definitely minify it so it's compressed,
gzip encoded on the server,
and sends down the smallest it can be.
And I'm not going to go into details,
but we have some new capabilities
in WebKit to do asynchronous
loading or deferred script loading.
So if your script doesn't need to
block other loads or it doesn't
need to run until the very
end when DOM content is ready,
then you can tell us to defer it.
And again,
there's going to be some more information
about that in the next session.
So that's performance analysis.
Now let's talk about debugging.
And this is where we're going to
talk about JavaScript debugging.
And if you've ever written an iOS
app that talks to a UIWebView,
you've probably used string by
evaluating JavaScript string.
How many of you have used that?
How many have successfully
debugged a problem in that?
That's what I thought.
So,
Since you've, some of you have risen your
hand that mastered this,
you can probably tune out,
but anyone else that rose their
hand that has never successfully
debugged a problem with this,
you'll know how much of a black hole,
black box that function call is,
and you really have no information.
Sometimes you can send something in,
and it comes out just fine,
but often you send something in
And then you're just left wondering.
What happened?
Why?
And all sorts of things.
So let me show you another demo.
And I'm going to use Coliqui.
I pointed out before that it was
dynamically modifying the UIWebView.
And to do that, they're using string by
evaluating JavaScript string.
So I'm going to switch
back to Coliqui here.
And while it connects,
I'm going to go ahead and
bring up the Web Inspector.
I know they're using a function
-- they're calling a function in
StringByEvaluating JavaScript String
that's called appendMessage.
Whenever someone types a message,
it gets funneled through this function.
So I'm just going to go ahead
and do a search for that.
And I found two hits in transcript.js.
And you can see the first one
is the call site,
and the final one is the actual function.
So let's just set a break point here.
This is JavaScript after all.
I should be able to debug it.
So I'm going to go ahead and
go back to the simulator and go
ahead and type a new message.
And you'll notice I'm now
paused in the debugger.
So over here,
it switched me to the debug sidebar,
the debug navigator,
and you'll see the call stack.
of all of the functions that
it passed through calling into
where I set the breakpoint.
And as I switch through here,
you'll see all of the different
local variables for that call frame,
and you can expand and
see all of the functions,
arguments that came in.
You can see all the objects that are
local variables that are being built up.
And I really want to know what this
object is that we're about to append,
and I know
I can use the Quick Console here.
And I know it's called message, oh yeah,
that's it, message wrapper.
And I'm just auto-completing on the
current scope for this call frame,
and we'll just go ahead and evaluate it.
It's undefined currently because
it hasn't even been declared yet.
So I'm just gonna go ahead
and step with the debugger,
with the controls down here.
And you'll notice the tool tip tells
you what all the key commands are.
I'm just going to step over
until we get to this object,
and I'm going to go ahead and hit
the up arrow and reevaluate that.
And you'll see it's now
an empty div element.
And this is a serialization
of that DOM element.
It's an actual DOM object,
but we're going to show it to you as
an HTML representation because that's
the best way to see those things.
So I'm just going to keep stepping
over as it builds up this object,
this DOM node.
And here it appends.
So let's go ahead and log that again.
And you'll see now we have
another child element.
And you'll see that it's building up this
DOM node as we go through this function.
And let's go all the way to the
end here and log the final thing.
Now we have both of our DOM elements,
and this is what you'll need to style it.
You need to know the
class names that end up,
and maybe you didn't know what they were,
and now you can pause in the
debugger and see what they
are as they're being built up.
Or you run into some JavaScript error
that you need to correct.
Tim Hatcher
So that's using the
debugger in a UIWebView.
And again,
this works just as well on Safari.
So if you're needing to debug
those touch events that you
can't debug any other way,
you can now pause on those touch
events and see what exactly the
information is you're getting.
So finally,
String by Evaluating JavaScript String
is no longer that black box that you
have no idea what's going on inside.
You can finally open
up the Web Inspector,
set a breakpoint,
log the local variables,
and see exactly what's going
on with your code like you've
never been able to do before.
And one tip for that debugging
is call functions instead
of passing in big scripts.
It's easier to be able to go find the
actual script like I did in Colloquy,
find the function that they're calling,
and set the breakpoint instead
of trying to debug this string
that hasn't been parsed yet.
Not to mention that's a performance
issue where the engine is always
reparsing the same string.
So try to keep your scripts small
and call into functions that
can have a lot of meat to them.
And you can evaluate again in the
Quick Console against the current scope,
and that's really handy and useful
when you want to use that command line.
You can also use the sidebar,
the variable, the scope chain sidebar
like I showed you,
but if you're used to the
command line and like typing,
that's what you want to use.
So that's debugging with the
new Safari Web Inspector in
your app and Safari.
So in summary,
there's some sessions coming up that
Talk about optimizing, like I said.
And if you're really curious about
optimizing for the Retina display,
the new MacBook Pro,
you should definitely attend the
session on Wednesday talking about
how to take advantage of that 4X
pixel density that you'll now be able
to take advantage of with your website
in addition to Retina iOS devices.
Talk about optimizing, like I said.
And if you're really
curious about optimizing,
like I said.
And if you're really
curious about optimizing,
like I said.
And I hope you like the new
streamlined look in the Web Inspector.
Definitely give us feedback if
there's anything missing or you
find something that's hard to use.
You can come down to
the lab or file bugs,
and we'll definitely be listening.
And you can finally be informed
in your debugging of your app and
your mobile websites in Safari.